---
title: ".NET Memory Data Views"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: "10/03/2016"
ms.prod: "visual-studio-dev14"
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.technology: 
  - "vs-ide-debug"
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: "article"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - ".NET memory profiling method views"
  - "profiling tools,.NET memory profiling views"
ms.assetid: 79184d8e-769b-4ace-be2b-521147772081
caps.latest.revision: 10
ms.author: "mikejo"
manager: "ghogen"
translation.priority.ht: 
  - "de-de"
  - "es-es"
  - "fr-fr"
  - "it-it"
  - "ja-jp"
  - "ko-kr"
  - "ru-ru"
  - "zh-cn"
  - "zh-tw"
translation.priority.mt: 
  - "cs-cz"
  - "pl-pl"
  - "pt-br"
  - "tr-tr"
---
# .NET Memory Data Views
This section contains reference information for the views and reports of profiler data files that contains .NET memory profiling data.  
  
## In This Section  
 [Summary View](../VS_IDE/summary-view---.net-memory-data.md)  
 Lists the functions and types that allocated the most memory.  
  
 [Allocations View](../VS_IDE/.net-memory-allocations-view.md)  
 Lists the types that were allocated in the profiling run, and the call trees (execution paths) that resulted in the allocation of the type.  
  
 [Object Lifetime View](../VS_IDE/object-lifetime-view.md)  
 Lists the types that were allocated in the profiling run, and the number of instances, size in bytes, and the garbage collection generation of the type.  
  
 [Call Tree View - Sampling](../VS_IDE/call-tree-view---.net-memory-sampling-data.md)  
 Displays a hierarchical tree that represents the execution paths and memory allocation data of functions in the profiling run.  
  
 [Modules View - Sampling](../VS_IDE/modules-view---.net-memory-sampling-data.md)  
 Organizes .NET memory allocation data by module, and lists the functions, source code lines, and instructions that were executing when memory was allocated.  
  
 [Caller/Callee View - .NET Memory Sampling Data](../VS_IDE/caller-callee-view---.net-memory-sampling-data.md)  
 Lists memory allocation data for a selected function, the functions that called the selected function, and the functions that were called by the selected function.  
  
 [Functions View - Sampling](../VS_IDE/functions-view---.net-memory-sampling-data.md)  
 Lists memory allocation data for the functions in the profiling run.  
  
 [Lines View - Sampling](../VS_IDE/lines-view---.net-memory-sampling-data.md)  
 Lists memory allocation data for the source code lines of functions in the profiling run.  
  
 [Instruction Pointers (IPs) View - Sampling](../VS_IDE/instruction-pointers--ips--view---.net-memory-sampling-data.md)  
 Lists memory allocation data for the instructions of functions in the profiling run.  
  
 [Call Tree View - Instrumentation](../VS_IDE/call-tree-view---.net-memory-instrumentation-data.md)  
 Displays a hierarchical tree that represents the execution paths, memory allocation data, and detailed timing data for instrumented functions in the profiling run.  
  
 [Modules View - Instrumentation](../VS_IDE/modules-view---.net-memory-instrumentation-data.md)  
 Organizes profiling data by module, and lists the functions, memory allocation data, and detailed timing information for the module.  
  
 [Caller/Callee View - NET Memory Instrumentation Data](../VS_IDE/caller-callee-view---net-memory-instrumentation-data.md)  
 Lists memory allocation data and detailed timing information for a selected instrumented function, the functions that called the selected function, and the functions that were called by the selected function.  
  
 [Functions View - Instrumentation](../VS_IDE/functions-view---.net-memory-instrumentation-data.md)  
 Lists memory allocation data for the instrumented functions in the profiling run.  
  
## Reference  
 [Function Details View](../VS_IDE/function-details-view.md)  
 Displays a graphical chart of the relationship between a selected function and the functions that called and were called by the selected function.  
  
 [Process View](../VS_IDE/process-view.md)  
 Lists process and thread start and end times.  
  
 [Marks View](../VS_IDE/marks-view.md)  
 Lists ETW and sampling events that were inserted into a profiling data file.  
  
## Related Sections  
 [Sampling Method Data Views](../VS_IDE/profiler-sampling-method-data-views.md)  
 Reference information for the views and reports of profiler data files that were generated by using the sampling method.  
  
 [Instrumentation Method Data Views](../VS_IDE/instrumentation-method-data-views.md)  
 Reference information for the views and reports of profiler data files that were generated by using the instrumentation method.